Your use of this software as distributed in this GitHub repository, is
governed by the Apache License 2.0

                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "{}"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright 2020 Diego Garcia Huerta

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Your use of the Shotgun Pipeline Toolkit is governed by the applicable license
agreement between you and Autodesk/Shotgun.

SHOTGUN PIPELINE TOOLKIT SOURCE CODE LICENSE

Version: 7/07/2013

Shotgun Software Inc. ("Company") provides the Shotgun Pipeline Toolkit,
software, including source code, in this package or repository folder (the
"Shotgun Toolkit Code") subject to your acceptance of and compliance with
the following terms and conditions (the "License Terms"). By accessing,
downloading, copying, using or modifying any of the Shotgun Toolkit Code,
you agree to these License Terms.

Eligibility

The following license to the Shotgun Toolkit Code is valid only if and while
you are a customer of Company in good standing with either: (a) a current,
paid-up (or free-for-evaluation) subscription or fixed-term license for
Company's Shotgun Platform; or (b) a perpetual license and current, paid-up
maintenance and support contract for the Shotgun Platform.

Shotgun Toolkit Code License

Subject to the eligibility criteria above and your compliance with these
License Terms, Company grants to you a non-exclusive, limited license to
reproduce, use, and make derivative works of (including by compiling object
code versions of) the Shotgun Toolkit Code solely for your non-commercial or
internal business purposes in connection with your authorized use of the
Shotgun Platform.

Company reserves all rights in the Shotgun Toolkit Code not expressly granted
above. These License Terms do not grant or require Company to grant, by
implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any other licenses or rights with respect
to the Shotgun Toolkit Code or any of Company's other software or intellectual
property rights. You agree not to take any action with respect to the Shotgun
Toolkit Code that is not expressly authorized above.

You must keep intact (and, in the case of copies, reproduce) all copyright
and other proprietary notices, including all references to and copies of these
License Terms, as originally included on, in, or with the Shotgun Toolkit
Code. You must ensure that all derivative works you make of the Shotgun
Toolkit Code contain or are accompanied by comparable and conspicuous notices
that the underlying Shotgun Toolkit Code is the confidential information of
Company and is subject to Company's copyrights and these License Terms.

No Redistribution or Disclosure

You acknowledge that the Shotgun Toolkit Code is and contains proprietary and
trade-secret information of Company. You may not distribute, disclose to any
third party, operate for the benefit of third parties (for example, on a
hosted basis), or otherwise commercially exploit the Shotgun Toolkit Code or
any portion or derivative work thereof without Company's separate and express
written consent. For purposes of this restriction, third parties do not
include your employees or agents acting on your behalf who are bound to abide
by these License Terms.

No Warranties or Support

The Shotgun Toolkit Code is provided "AS IS" and with all faults. Company
makes no warranties whatsoever, whether express, implied, or otherwise,
concerning the Shotgun Toolkit Code. Company has no obligation to provide
maintenance or technical support for the Shotgun Toolkit Code (unless
otherwise expressly agreed in a separate written agreement between you and
Company).

Liability

You agree to be solely responsible for your use and modifications of the
Shotgun Toolkit Code, and for any harm or liability arising out of such use
or modifications, including but not limited to any liability for infringement
of third-party intellectual property rights.

To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you agree that: (a)
Company will not be liable under these License Terms or otherwise for any
direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages,
including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data
or other intangible losses, in relation to the Shotgun Toolkit Code or your
use or inability to use the Shotgun Toolkit Code, even if Company has been
advised of the possibility of such damages; and (b) in any event, Company's
aggregate liability under these License Terms or in connection with the
Shotgun Toolkit Code, regardless of the form of action and under any theory
(whether in contract, tort, statutory, or otherwise), will not exceed the
greater of $50 or the amount (if any) that you actually paid for access to
the Shotgun Toolkit Code.

Ownership

Company retains sole and exclusive ownership of the Shotgun Toolkit Code and
all copyright and other intellectual property rights therein. You will own any
derivative works you make to the Shotgun Toolkit Code, subject to: (a) the
preceding sentence; and (b) the provisions below regarding ownership of any
code you elect to contribute to Company.

Contributions

The following terms apply to any derivative works of the Shotgun Toolkit Code
(or any other materials) that you choose to contribute to Company.

For good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is acknowledged, you
hereby transfer and assign to Company your entire right, title, and interest
(including all rights under copyright) in: (a) any software code,
documentation, and/or other materials that you deliver to Company for
inclusion in, improvement of, use with, or documentation of Company's software
program(s), including but not limited to any code, documentation, and/or other
materials identified in a contribution form you submit to Company in an
applicable form designated by Company; and (b) any future revisions of such
code, documentation, and/or other materials that you make hereafter. The code,
documentation, other materials, and future revisions described above are
collectively referred to below as the "Contribution."

As used below, the "Company Programs" means and includes the Company software
program(s) identified on any contribution form you submit to Company, and any
other software into which Company incorporates or with which Company uses or
distributes the Contribution or any version or portion thereof.

Company grants you a non-exclusive right to continue to modify, make
derivative works of, reproduce, and use the Contribution for your
non-commercial or internal business purposes, and to further Company's
development of Company Programs. This grant does not: (a) limit Company's
rights, (b) grant you any rights with respect to the Company Programs; nor
(c) permit you to distribute, operate for the benefit of third parties (for
example, on a hosted basis), or otherwise commercially exploit the
Contribution.

You acknowledge that if Company elects to distribute the Contribution or any
version or portion thereof, it may do so on any basis that it chooses
(including under any proprietary or open-source licensing terms), without
further compensation to you.

You agree that if you have or acquire hereafter any patent or interface
copyright or other intellectual property interest dominating the Contribution
or any Company Programs (or use thereof), such dominating interest will not be
used to undermine the effect of the assignment set forth above. Accordingly,
Company and its direct and indirect licensees are licensed to make, use, sell,
distribute, and otherwise exploit, in the Company Programs and their future
versions and derivative works, without royalty or limitation, the subject
matter of the dominating interest. This license provision will be binding on
you and on any assignees of, or other successors to, the dominating interest.

You hereby represent and warrant that you are the sole copyright holder for
the Contribution and that you have the right and power to enter into this
contract. You shall indemnify and hold harmless Company and its officers,
employees, and agents against any and all claims, actions or damages
(including attorney's reasonable fees) asserted by or paid to any party on
account of a breach or alleged breach of the foregoing warranty. You make no
other express or implied warranty (including without limitation any warranty
of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose) regarding the
Contribution.
